I heard that the Empress Dowager visited you today.
The Empress Dowager cares about me.
She brought me many things.
Could it be that someone is listening through the walls?
If the Emperor finds out I’m scheming with the Empress Dowager,
it concerns the Consort's matter.
I don’t want to hurt the Empress Dowager’s feelings.
In the future, you should accompany the Empress Dowager more for me.
The Empress Dowager treats me very well.
Even if the Emperor doesn’t mention it,
I will still show great respect to the Empress Dowager.
By the way,
Although the Emperor has disagreements with the Empress Dowager,
he is still quite filial.
With the Empress Dowager’s support,
I should be able to escape unscathed.
I know you are a kind person.
Is it just my impression,
but since the selection yesterday,
why does it feel like the Emperor
has become a completely different person?
Manager Li, bring the chosen ones.
Tomorrow is Consort Feng's coronation.
These are the maids I specially selected for you.
See if you are satisfied.
This maid is not only skilled but also very capable.
She is a suitable head maid.
To have such a person as my head maid is a waste.
But the Emperor is monitoring me.
He’s actually going this far.
This young lady is very graceful and delicate.
It’s a waste for her to be my maid.
No, no, that won’t do.
Ah.
You deserve the best.
Yes.
From now on, protect the Consort well for me.
If anything happens to her,
you will be held accountable.
I understand.
Ah.
Greet Consort Rong.
Please rise, young lady.
I will rely on you in the future. Thank you, Consort.
I wonder if the Empress Dowager can change her mind.
With such a head maid by my side,
I fear I might be doomed before I can call for Consort Yang.
I might be done for.
Having a protective measure,
I feel somewhat relieved.
In this life,
I won’t let the Empress suffer any harm.